Adrift Brand
sleep science: 
As awareness grows around the critical role sleep plays in overall health, more people are rethinking the foundations of their sleep environment. Quality sleep is directly linked to improved immune function, mental clarity, emotional regulation, and long-term cardiovascular health. At Adrift, we design our bed frames to support not just your mattress, but your well being. We have designed the frame around robust 5.5-inch slats to create a more stable, supportive foundation that helps your mattress maintain proper spinal alignment and weight distribution throughout the night. This principal design paired with zero VOC beeswax finish and naturally antimicrobial salvaged cedar, our frames eliminate exposure to harmful chemicals and allergens. As science continues to emphasize the importance of restorative sleep, investing in a thoughtfully engineered, non-toxic bed frame is no longer a luxury, it's a health decision.
Jake Tchida write up:
Adrift represents the untethered flow of one’s life. We all experience being adrift. The balance to this state is finding direction and taking action. 
“The idea of Adrift Wood Co. was born in a tent in the middle of nowhere in Northern BC, while laying on my back trying to ignore the sting of blisters and ache of fatigue. Planting trees and brushing blocks is the perfect place to dream about anything else you would rather be doing. The time spent in between those grueling seasons of work is a perfect representation of letting your life drift. 
Working with my hands has always been natural. Creativity has come from within since I was a child. Adrift is a combination of these two things. With an immense amount of help and guidance from my father in addition to the desire to create, Adrift has finally come together.”


Time Tchida Write up:
At 22 years old, I started planting trees. 36 years later my company had planted nearly 750 million trees. That number equates to a straight line of trees, planted three feet apart that would go around the planet 42 times. I have been blessed to work in the woods and put back in an industry that has given all of us so much. Adrift Wood Company is honoring what wood gives us through the art of furniture. My education was not in business or wood working, I did a double major philosophy and religious studies. What I have taken from tree planting, business, school and just getting older is that we are all connected and we are all looking for meaning, we need to be creative and we need to contribute. As Maximus said, what we do in this life echoes in eternity. Working with my son Jake is a blessing. We get to be creative, work with wood, give back and create pieces of art that hold the memory of our work. We are all adrift finding meaning. So I hope you too find joy and meaning in these pieces and thank you for connecting with us.