Resthouse Write up
Our partnership with Resthouse Sleep is a natural fit. Rooted in the shared values of quality, comfort, community and friendship. We are both passionate about creating well-crafted, sustainable products that do good and feel good. This collaboration allows us to combine our locally handmade woodwork with Resthouse's dedication to healthy, restorative sleep. Bringing together thoughtful design and natural comfort. It's more than the products, it's about building community through care, connection, the art of furniture and restorative rest.
Chris's passion for sleep began early and grew with him as he understood the value of sleep more and more. Driven by a desire to provide lasting, personal sleep solutions, he set out to create something better than what the industry was offering. Resthouse began in 2014 in Chris's garage of just 450 square feet. Over 10 years later, with two showrooms in Duncan and Victoria, Resthouse remains guided by the fundamental mission: to create sleep solutions that truly work. 
The entire team is hands-on in educating people with care and curiosity. They are all embedded in Resthouse's commitment to help each individual build a sleep space that feels truly restful. 
Find your perfect sleep online at http://resthousesleep.com/, or visit the wonderful team of sleep consultants at either of the Resthouse locations. 
Victoria
(Upper Level, near Whole Foods)
3561 Blanshard Street #113,
Victoria, BC V8Z 0B9
Canada
Duncan
Nestled in the Cowichan Valley:
3008 Boys Road,
Duncan, BC V9L 6W4
Canada




Sub Header 1:
Each piece is locally handcrafted in Victoria BC by father and son. A combination of valued ethics, modern design and the art of woodcraft met with quality for generations.


Reasons:
Reason 1: 
Buy Canadian Be Canadian 
*  Adrift Wood Co is based in Victoria BC, Canada. Every piece created in Canada. Adrift uses local Vancouver Island salvaged wood and Canadian sourced Material as possible. 
Reason 2:
Low & Zero VOC
* Working to improve health. We strive to work with Zero VOC products. A key value at Adrift is the priceless value of health.
Reason 3:
Strongest Beds On The Market
* Adrift Wood Co designs are created to last a lifetime. No squeaks and a restful sleep.